Docs: List of available sections and overridable components (#1813)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/reference-guides/list-of-available-native-sections.mdx

---
title: 'List of available native sections and overridable components'
sidebar_label: 'Reference'
---

import { Callout, Tab, Tabs } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

<header>

# List of native sections and overridable components

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
This documentation is currently under development.
</Callout>

Sections in FastStore are components that organize and encapsulate other components, enabling you to create cohesive and functional content for your store.

> For example, the Hero is a native section designed to capture your brand's identity and messaging. To effective function in the store, the Hero comprises three components: `UIHero`, `UIHeroImage`, and `UIHeroHeader`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the Hero is a native section designed to capture your brand's identity and messaging. To effective function in the store, the Hero comprises three components: `Hero`, `HeroImage`, and `HeroHeader`.
```

Reviewer: I think we don't need to use this prefix in our doc since we are only adding it to identify our components in the starter app 😉

| Overridable components                                    | All components listed above can be override.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Headless CMS: properties customization                    | <li> `Logo`</li><li>   `Cart Icon`</li><li>   `SignInbutton`</li><li>  `Navlinks`: `RegionBar` (`Icon`)</li><li>  `shouldDisplayRegion`</li><li> `Page Links`</li>                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

</details>

> <details>
> <summary><b>Footer</b></summary>
> 
> 
> | Type                                                      | Availability                                                                                                                                               |
> | :---------------------------------------------------------| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | Documentation                                             | Coming soon!                                                                                                                                               |
> | Components                                                | <li> `Footer`</li><li> `FooterInfo`</li><li> `Incentives`</li><li> `PaymentMethods`</li><li>`FooterNavigation`: `FooterLinks`</li><li> `FooterSocial`</li> |
> | Overridable components                                    | All components listed above can be override.                                                                                                               |
> | Headless CMS: properties customization                    | <li> `Incentives`</li><li> `FooterLinks`</li> <li> `Logo`</li><li> `PaymentMethods`: `showPaymentMethods`.</li>                                            |
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: We don't have this section yet 😬 
```suggestion

```
